SAXS/WAXS strip cell SOP

Label all strips and work area with ongoing strip pressing.

Preparing strips with adhesive on both sides
1.	Place strip guide in laminar flow hood.
2.	Retrieve strip materials from supply labeled with the date for the upcoming beamtime. Each strip consists of a cut acrylic plate, two strips of double-sided adhesive, and two pieces of glass.
3.	Remove the protective layer from one side of the acrylic strip and place it on the guide.
4.	Remove the cover from one side of the adhesive and apply to the unprotected side of the strip. 
5.	Repeat steps 3 and 4 on the other side of the acrylic strip.
6.	Repeat steps 3 – 5 for strips as needed.
7.	Press the strips with one of the flat stones for at least 1 hour. Multiple strips can be pressed with the same stone.

Applying glass to one side
8.	Tape clean texwipe to laminar flow hood.
9.	Retrieve glass labeled with the date for the upcoming beamtime.
10.	Isolate a single piece of glass using an X-ACTO knife. The plastic cover should not come off any of the other pieces of glass.
11.	Expose the adhesive on one side of a prepared strip. The notch will be cell #15, so consider selecting a side uniformly.
12.	Place a piece of glass on the exposed adhesive, covering all cells.
Note: from here on, the glass should not touch any surfaces other than texwipes.
13.	Apply light pressure using your hands followed by at least 1 hour of pressure using a flat stone.
14.	Repeat steps 10 – 13 for strips as needed. Multiple strips can be pressed with the same stone.

Loading strip cells
15.	Expose the adhesive on a strip with one side of glass.
16.	Fill each cell using 38 µL, a slightly higher volume may be necessary if the sample is especially viscous. Leave cell #15 empty – the notch indicates cell #15. Use regular tips for samples with low viscosity, wide bore tips for samples with high viscosity. Only push to the first stop on the pipette. Do not get sample/buffer on the adhesive. If this happens, attempt to remove the bead of liquid using the pipette, but there might be issues with sealing.
17.	Place the other side of glass over the filled cells and immediately apply pressure with your hands to prevent liquid moving between the glass and adhesive through capillary action.
18.	Apply at least 1 hour of pressure using a flat stone.
19.	Repeat steps 15 – 18 for strips as needed. Multiple strips can be pressed with the same stone.
